docs(checkbox): add helperText and errorText section (#4028)
ionic-team/ionic-docs: static/usage/v8/checkbox/helper-error/javascript.md

```html
<form id="my-form">

>   <ion-checkbox helper-text="This needs to be checked" error-text="This field is required">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <ion-checkbox helper-text="Agree to the terms before continuing" error-text="You must agree to the terms to continue">
```
